Psalm 63 a psalm of David when he was in
Psalm 63 a psalm of David when he was in the wilderness
the wilderness
the wilderness of Judah oh god you are my god early
of Judah oh god you are my god early
of Judah oh god you are my god early will I seek you my soul thirsts for you
will I seek you my soul thirsts for you
will I seek you my soul thirsts for you my flesh longs for you in a dry and
my flesh longs for you in a dry and
my flesh longs for you in a dry and thirsty land where there is no water so
thirsty land where there is no water so
thirsty land where there is no water so I have looked for you in the sanctuary
I have looked for you in the sanctuary
I have looked for you in the sanctuary to see your power and your glory because
to see your power and your glory because
to see your power and your glory because your loving-kindness is better than life
your loving-kindness is better than life
your loving-kindness is better than life my lips shall praise you thus I will
my lips shall praise you thus I will
my lips shall praise you thus I will bless you while I live I will lift up my
bless you while I live I will lift up my
bless you while I live I will lift up my hands in your name my soul shall be
hands in your name my soul shall be
hands in your name my soul shall be satisfied as with marrow and fatness and
satisfied as with marrow and fatness and
satisfied as with marrow and fatness and my mouth shall praise you with joyful
my mouth shall praise you with joyful
my mouth shall praise you with joyful lips when I remember you on my bed I
lips when I remember you on my bed I
lips when I remember you on my bed I meditate on you in the night Watchers
meditate on you in the night Watchers
meditate on you in the night Watchers because you have been my help therefore
because you have been my help therefore
because you have been my help therefore in the shadow of your wings I will
in the shadow of your wings I will
in the shadow of your wings I will rejoice my soul follows close behind you
rejoice my soul follows close behind you
rejoice my soul follows close behind you your right hand upholds me but those who
your right hand upholds me but those who
your right hand upholds me but those who seek my life to destroy it shall go into
seek my life to destroy it shall go into
seek my life to destroy it shall go into the lower parts of the earth they shall
the lower parts of the earth they shall
the lower parts of the earth they shall fall by the sword they shall be a
fall by the sword they shall be a
fall by the sword they shall be a portion for jackals but the king shall
portion for jackals but the king shall
portion for jackals but the king shall rejoice in God
rejoice in God
rejoice in God everyone who swears by him shall glory
everyone who swears by him shall glory
everyone who swears by him shall glory but the mouths of those who speak lies
but the mouths of those who speak lies
but the mouths of those who speak lies shall be stopped
shall be stopped
shall be stopped you
you
you [Music]